== VBMM

VBMM ist eine Member Map Applikation, die es Mitgliedern eines Forums
erlaubt ihre Position auf einer Karte einzutragen.

== Anforderungen

Um VBMM verwenden zu können benötigen Sie eine Forumssoftware. Aktuell
wird nur vBulletin in der Version 4.2 unterstützt.

== Installation

VBMM ist eine Ruby on Rails Anwendung. Wie man am Besten Ruby on Rails
Anwendungen installiert kann in zahlreichen Büchern und Online
nachgelesen werden.

== Lizenz

Copyright © 2012 René Sprotte

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.